# aacDashboard
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
In order to produce maintainable, readable, and adaptable code, it is important to pay close attention to how the code is written. More specifically, code should be well commented, in addition to following industry standard practices. Furthermore, for readability, naming conventions and spacing should be consistent throughout the project including additional modules, test files, and more. In regards to CRUD functionality, this type of module can be used for various different tasks including, performing Create, Read, Update, Delete operations on relational and non-relational databases. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
A logical way to approach problems or client requests as a computer science is to ensure that a full and detailed list of requirements is obtained before getting started on a given project. Additionally, ensuring that all necessary software and hardware needed for such a project is also important before beginning the work. Such documents and other requirements might include, specification documents, rough draft of the program/pseudocode, the hardware required to meet performance specifications, software needs, and more. Some techniques or strategies that could be applied in the future consist of ensuring that specification documents are thoroughly understood before gathering other requirements; Additionally, ensuring that each componenet of the dashboard (or other type of application) behaves accurate and produces the appropriate results of a query. Furthermore, establishing security and authentication is always recommended.  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists work to improve a given process by implementing their skills to automate that process. Moreover, creating an application to filter through a large sets of data to retrieve specific results helps to speed up the process of finding the right information within a pool of data. A project like this could help improve a companies understanding of customer/client data. 
